feat: custom `x/mint` minting function (#24436)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: UPGRADING.md

- entry in SetGenesisModuleOrder
- entry in SetExportModuleOrder **before `x/bank`**

## Custom Minting Function in `x/mint`

> This release refactors the minting process to support a configurable mint function. The minting logic is now abstracted as a `MintFn` with a default implementation that can be overridden.

Reviewer: i think we should frame this as a new feature, not necessarily a refactoring. refactor is a scary word
```suggestion
This release introduces the ability to configure a mint function in `x/mint`. The minting logic is now abstracted as a `MintFn` with a default implementation that can be overridden.
```

### What’s New

- **Configurable Mint Function:**  
  A new `MintFn` abstraction is introduced. By default, the module uses `DefaultMintFn`, but you can supply your own implementation.

- **Deprecated InflationCalculationFn Parameter:**  
  The `InflationCalculationFn` argument previously provided to `mint.NewAppModule()` is now ignored and must be `nil`. To customize the default minter’s inflation behavior, wrap your custom function with `mintkeeper.DefaultMintFn` and pass it via the `WithMintFn` option:
  ```go
  mintkeeper.WithMintFn(mintkeeper.DefaultMintFn(customInflationFn))

>   

Reviewer: missing the closing ticks here \```

### How to Upgrade

1. **Using the Default Minting Function**

   No action is needed if you’re happy with the default behavior. Make sure your application wiring initializes the MintKeeper like this:

   ```go
   mintKeeper := mintkeeper.NewKeeper(
       appCodec,
       storeService,
       stakingKeeper,
       accountKeeper,
       bankKeeper,
       authtypes.FeeCollectorName,
       authtypes.NewModuleAddress(govtypes.ModuleName).String(),
       // mintkeeper.WithMintFn(customMintFn), // Use custom minting function
   )

> 

Reviewer: same here

> 

Reviewer: maybe we can stub out a tiny example here, something like:
```go
func myCustomMintFunc(...) {
   // do minting...
}

// ...
   mintKeeper := mintkeeper.NewKeeper(
       appCodec,
       storeService,
       stakingKeeper,
       accountKeeper,
       bankKeeper,
       authtypes.FeeCollectorName,
       authtypes.NewModuleAddress(govtypes.ModuleName).String(),
       mintkeeper.WithMintFn(myCustomMintFunc), // Use custom minting function
   )
